Added a note about institutional networks and vpn services (#182)
IRL2/nanover-docs: source/tutorials/vrclient.rst

.. admonition:: Key point

    For a **wireless setup** you will need to have a strong and stable internet connection that allows communication over the network.

>     Note that this option is often not possible with public & institutional networks (e.g. Eduroam) (Read details bellow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that this option is often not possible with public & institutional networks (e.g. Eduroam). Please see details below.
```

Correct spelling mistake and avoid use of double brackets.
